# Summer 2017 Web Design at RISD — Assignment 2

## Instructions

**Do not edit this file.**

In a two-step process, you’ll create a one-page web site using pre-defined content. In phase one, you’ll populate `index.html` with the content in the file `content.txt`, carefully choosing which HTML tags are the most semantic to use with the content. (**Note**: *You may __not__ modify any of the content in `content.txt`.*)

In the second phase of this assignment, you’ll design, or add styling, to the page using CSS.

## File List

1. `README.md`
2. `content.txt`
3. `css/base.css`
4. `css/main.css`

## Phase 1 (HTML)

Some questions to ask while considering which HTML elements to use to wrap the content:

* Which sections are most important? Is there a tag for that?
* Is there hierarchy implied in the content?
* What should be emphasized?

## Phase 2 (CSS)

Some questions to ask while considering the styling of the page using CSS:

* How should I emphasize the important content?
* Which typeface will help me to get my meaning across?
* Do I want to lead the user’s eye in a direction other than that defined by the Gutenberg Diagram?
* What colors should I use and why am I using those colors?
* Do I want my design to be busy, minimal, or in between?
* Is my spacing too much or not enough?
* Is my content legible, to everyone?

## UI/UX

With the markup (HTML) and styling (CSS) in place, some user interface (UI)/user experience (UX) questions to ask:

* Is my design inline with web sites presenting similar content? If so or if not, is this intentional?
* Does my font choice complement the message of the content?
* Is my design communicating what I need it to?
* Is the page easy to navigate?
* Is the user’s experience effortless?
* What should go above the fold?

## Due

9:00 AM on Friday, 28 July 2017.

## Submission Instructions

Follow [these instructions](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/submitting-assignments-using-github-desktop/) to submit your assignment.

## Critique

On Friday, 28 July 2017, you’ll present your work to your peers for a formal crit.
